mobile widgets docs (#10637)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile/_index.md

3. Give your incident a title, severity, and commander.

## Widgets

### Monitor Saved Views

> You can view your Monitor [Saved Views][18] from your home screen with Datadog widgets. Tap on any Saved View cell to open the “Monitor Search” screen in the app, with your Saved View already filled in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View your [monitor saved views][18] from your home screen with Datadog widgets. Tap on any saved view cell to open the "Monitor Search" screen in the app, with your saved view already filled in.
```

> You can view your Monitor [Saved Views][18] from your home screen with Datadog widgets. Tap on any Saved View cell to open the “Monitor Search” screen in the app, with your Saved View already filled in.

Reviewer: Change all `”` to `"`

> **Note**: If you do not have any Monitor Saved Views, the widget will default to show you all Monitors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you do not have any monitor saved views, the widget shows you all monitors by default. 
```

#### Create a widget

> **iOS**:

Reviewer: These would work better as tabs:

```
{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

Content

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

Content

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}
```

Author: I think the commit I made fixes this, but I am not sure

Long press on the home screen.
Tap the “+” button on the top left corner of the screen.
Search for “Datadog” widgets.

> Select your prefered size (medium allows up to 3 and large up to 6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select your prefered size (medium allows up to 3 and large up to 6).
```

> Place it where you want on your screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Place the widget in your desired, onscreen location.
```

> 

Reviewer: Add bullet points to all step lines

**Android**:
Open the Android Widget Picker. Either long press your home screen, or long press the Datadog app icon.
Tap on “Widgets”. If you have app shortcuts, it might appear as just an icon on the top right corner of the bubble. 
Drag the Monitor Saved Views widget on your home screen.

#### Edit a widget
**iOS**:
Long press on the widget to configure.
Tap on “Edit Widget”.

> Tap on the individual Saved View cell to select and deselect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap on the individual saved view cell to select and deselect.
```

> You can reorder them by drag and dropping each cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reorder the views by dragging and dropping each cell.
```

Tap out of the widget to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.

**Android**:
Tap on the widget title to configure.
Tap on “Saved views”.

> Tap on the individual Saved View cell to select and deselect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap on the individual saved view cell to select and deselect.
```

> You can reorder them by drag and dropping each cell.

Reviewer: - Reorder the views by dragging and dropping each cell.

Tap “Save” to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.

> Also, you can scroll the widget to see more Saved Views. Long press and resize the widget to fit your preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scroll the widget to see more saved views. Long press and resize the widget to fit your preference.
```

#### Switch organizations
**iOS**:

> All organizations you’ve logged-in are displayed in the configuration screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All organizations you’ve logged-in are displayed in the configuration screen.
```

**Android**:

> From the configuration screen, tap on “Organization”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the configuration screen, tap on "Organization".
```

> Select a new organisation. You might need to sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a new organization (you might need to sign in).
```

> Tap “Saved Views”. Select Saved Views to display or leave it as is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap "Saved Views". Select saved views to display or leave it as is.
```

> Tap “Save”. The widget is now configured with Saved Views from a different organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tap "Save". The widget is now configured with saved views from a different organization.
```

#### Delete a widget
**iOS**:

> You can delete a widget pressing the “-” button at the top left of the widget when editing your home screen, or by long pressing on the widget and then selecting “Remove Widget”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a widget pressing the "-" button at the top left of the widget when editing your home screen, or by long pressing on the widget and then selecting "Remove Widget".
```

**Android**:

> You can delete a widget by long pressing, drag and dropping the Widget on the “Remove” button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a widget by long pressing, dragging, and dropping the widget on the "Remove" button.
```

3. Give your incident a title, severity, and commander.

## Widgets

### Monitor saved views

View your [monitor saved views][18] from your home screen with Datadog widgets. Tap on any saved view cell to open the "Monitor Search" screen in the app, with your saved view already filled in.

**Note**: If you do not have any monitor saved views, the widget shows you all monitors by default. 

#### Create a widget

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

- Long press on the home screen.
- Tap the “+” button on the top left corner of the screen.
- Search for "Datadog" widgets.
- Select your prefered size (medium allows up to 3 and large up to 6).
- Place the widget in your desired, onscreen location.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

- Open the Android Widget Picker. 
- Either long press your home screen, or long press the Datadog app icon.
- Tap on "Widgets". If you have app shortcuts, it might appear as just an icon on the top right corner of the bubble. 
- Drag the Monitor Saved Views widget on your home screen.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}
```

#### Edit a widget

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

- Long press on the widget to configure.
- Tap on "Edit Widget".
- Tap on the individual saved view cell to select and deselect.
- Reorder the views by dragging and dropping each cell.
- Tap out of the widget to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

- Tap on the widget title to configure.
- Tap on "Saved views".
- Tap on the individual saved view cell to select and deselect.
- Reorder the views by dragging and dropping each cell.
- Tap "Save" to validate your selection and exit the configuration screen.
- Scroll the widget to see more saved views. Long press and resize the widget to fit your preference.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}
```

#### Switch organizations

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

All organizations you’ve logged-in are displayed in the configuration screen.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

{{% /tab %}}
```

> **Android**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% tab "Android" %}}

```

- From the configuration screen, tap on "Organization".
- Select a new organization (you might need to sign in).
- Tap "Saved Views". Select saved views to display or leave it as is.
- Tap "Save". The widget is now configured with saved views from a different organization.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}
```

#### Delete a widget

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "iOS" %}}

Delete a widget pressing the "-" button at the top left of the widget when editing your home screen, or by long pressing on the widget and then selecting "Remove Widget".

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Android" %}}

Delete a widget by long pressing, dragging, and dropping the widget on the "Remove" button.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}
```
